<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd" [
]>
<refentry>
  <refentryinfo>
    <author>
      <firstname>Luca</firstname>
      <surname>Falavigna</surname>
      <email>dktrkranz@ubuntu.com</email>
    </author>
    <copyright>
      <year>2007-2008</year>
      <holder>Luca Falavigna</holder>
    </copyright>
    <!-- XXX IMPORTANT XXX -->
    <!-- Keep this date up to date: -->
    <date>2008-04-26</date>
    <!--  ^^^^^^^^^^ -->
  </refentryinfo>
  <refmeta>
    <refentrytitle>debomatic.conf</refentrytitle>
    <manvolnum>5</manvolnum>
  </refmeta>
  <refnamediv>
    <refname>debomatic.conf</refname>
    <refpurpose>Configuration file for debomatic</refpurpose>
  </refnamediv>
  <refsect1>
    <title>DEFAULT SECTION</title>
    <para>
      <emphasis>packagedir</emphasis>: this directory is the base directory
      where debomatic will scan for packages to build. It must exists before
      launching debomatic or an exception will be raised.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>configdir</emphasis>: this directory contains pbuilder
      configuration files used to pass build options to pbuilder. They must
      contain pbuilder specific parameters (see pbuilderrc(5) for further
      reference) and their names must match target releases (such as intrepid
      or unstable).
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>maxbuilds</emphasis>: maximum number of parallel build threads
      to be launched. More threads will require powerful hardware.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>inotify</emphasis>: if enabled, new threads will be launched
      immediately when .changes files are put in packagedir.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>sleep</emphasis>: debomatic will build another source package 
      when a number of seconds provided by this parameter have elapsed.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>logfile</emphasis>: debomatic messages will be stored in this file
    </para>
   </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>GPG SECTION</title>
    <para>
      <emphasis>gpg</emphasis>: if enabled, turn GPG support on to check for
      signed packages before attempting to build them.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>keyring</emphasis>: this file contains authorized GPG keys.
      Source packages signed with one of the keys included are allowed to
      build, other packages will be deleted from disk.
    </para>
   </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>CHECKS SECTION</title>
    <para>
      <emphasis>lintian</emphasis>: if enabled, run lintian application after 
      build process. lintian has to be installed in order to do so.
    </para>
   </refsect1>
<refsect1>
    <title>SEE ALSO</title>
    <para>
      debomatic(1), pbuilderrc(5)
    </para>
  </refsect1>
</refentry>
