.TH debomatic.conf 5 2009-01-26 "debomatic"
.SH NAME
debomatic.conf \- Configuration file for debomatic
.SH DEFAULT SECTION
.TP
.B builder
This program will be executed to create a chroot and to build packages.
debomatic currently supports pbuilder (default) and cowbuilder.
.TP
.B packagedir
This directory is the base directory where debomatic will scan for
packages to build. It must exists before launching debomatic or an
exception will be raised.
.TP
.B configdir
This directory contains pbuilder configuration files used to pass build
options to pbuilder. They must contain pbuilder specific parameters
(see pbuilderrc(5) for further reference) and their names must match
desired target releases.
.TP
.B distblacklist
This file contains a space or newline separated list of distributions for
which build process is temporarily disabled.
.TP
.B maxbuilds
Maximum number of parallel build threads to be launched. More threads will
require powerful hardware.
.TP
.B inotify
If enabled, new threads will be launched immediately when .changes files
are put in packagedir.
.TP
.B sleep
debomatic will build another source package when a number of seconds
provided by this parameter have elapsed.
.TP
.B logfile
debomatic messages will be stored in this file
.SH GPG SECTION
.B gpg
If enabled, turn GPG support on to check for signed packages before
attempting to build them.
.TP
.B keyring
This file contains authorized GPG keys. Source packages signed with one of the
keys included are allowed to build, other packages will be deleted from disk.
.SH MODULES SECTION
.B modules
If enabled, allow modules to be plugged in at runtime.
.TP
.B modulespath
This directory contains modules to be plugged in at runtime.
.TP
.B blacklist
This file lists blacklisted moules, which cannot be executed during build.
.SH MAILER SECTION
.B fromaddr
This is the address outgoing mails will originate from.
.TP
.B smtphost
This is the SMTP server address mails will be sent with.
.TP
.B smtpport
THis is the port SMTP server listens on.
.TP
.B authrequired
Turn this option on if SMTP server requires authentication.
.TP
.B smtpuser
Set this to the username allowed to send mails with the SMTP server.
.TP
.B smtppass
Set this to the password for the user described above.
.SH COPYRIGHT
This manual page is Copyright 2007-2010 Luca Falavigna <dktrkranz@debian.org>.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation.
.SH SEE ALSO
debomatic(1), pbuilderrc(5)
