<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.2//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.2/docbookx.dtd" [
]>
<refentry>
  <refentryinfo>
    <author>
      <firstname>Luca</firstname>
      <surname>Falavigna</surname>
      <email>dktrkranz@ubuntu.com</email>
    </author>
    <copyright>
      <year>2007</year>
      <holder>Luca Falavigna</holder>
    </copyright>
    <!-- XXX IMPORTANT XXX -->
    <!-- Keep this date up to date: -->
    <date>2007-07-28</date>
    <!--  ^^^^^^^^^^ -->
  </refentryinfo>
  <refmeta>
    <refentrytitle>debomatic</refentrytitle>
    <manvolnum>1</manvolnum>
  </refmeta>
  <refnamediv>
    <refname>debomatic</refname>
    <refpurpose>Automatic build machine for Debian source packages</refpurpose>
  </refnamediv>
  <refsynopsisdiv>
    <cmdsynopsis>
      <command>debomatic</command>
      <arg choice="plain">
        <option><replaceable>-c|--config conffile</replaceable></option>
        <option><replaceable>[-n|--nodaemon]</replaceable></option>
      </arg>
    </cmdsynopsis>
  </refsynopsisdiv>
  <refsect1>
    <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
    <para>
      This tool provides a simple build machine for Debian source packages.
      It is designed to be very simple to use and self-sufficient during 
      package build process and chroot updates. It support almost every
      Debian-based distribution (such as Ubuntu), given its repositories
      follow standard Debian repository structure.
    </para>
    <para>
      <application>pbuilder</application> and an active Internet connection
      (broadband is suggested) are required in order for debomatic to work 
      properly.
    </para>
    <para>
      You have to run it using root privileges because of 
      <application>pbuilder</application> infrastructure.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>OPTIONS</title>
    <para>
      <emphasis>-c|--config conffile</emphasis>: you have to specify a
      configuration file for debomatic to work. See debomatic.conf(5) for 
      further details.
    </para>
    <para>
      <emphasis>-n|--nodaemon</emphasis>: by default, debomatic runs in full
      daemon mode and it detaches itself from its parent. If you do not want
      this, you can use this option and debomatic will not detach from parent
      process.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
  <refsect1>
    <title>COPYRIGHT</title>
    <para>
      This manual page was written by Luca Falavigna 
      &lt;dktrkranz@ubuntu.com&gt;. Permission is granted to copy, distribute 
      and/or modify this document under the terms of the 
      <acronym>GNU</acronym> General Public License, Version 2 or any later 
      version published by the Free Software Foundation.
    </para>
    <para>
      On Debian systems (like Ubuntu), the complete text of the GNU General
      Public License can be found in
      <filename>/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL</filename>.
    </para>
  </refsect1>
<refsect1>
    <title>SEE ALSO</title>
    <para>
      debomatic.conf(5)
    </para>
  </refsect1>
</refentry>
